Learning about how the Romans syncretized other Gods gave me an idea: syncretize C with a functional PL.

More concretely, assume the language we're making is called `fsys`.
- the language we're making is a functional augmentation to C code.
- write C modules that do heavy lifting, then use fsys to stitch them together in an optimal way

This means making the strongest guarantees possible on native code, and more conservative guarantees on C code.

Strongly consider 'export' statement. 

Strongly consider short lambdas: they offer most of currying, allows the user to elide type specifiers, and can be 
disallowed for [exported] module field RHS-es. 

Since C code can handle all memory management, this language can be optionally garbage-collected using the bdm gc.
- without a GC, ensure a default allocator is in place so the program fails gracefully
- GC for prototypes and manual memory management for production/as required a great strategy

```
mod big {
    multiply = fn (x Int32, y Int32) -> Int32 {
        x * y
    };
    double = |z| multiply(2,z);
};
```

What is a GC used for?

Let...
- `Type ^ n` denote an array of length `n` of element type `Type`.
- `Type ^ ?` denote a **slice**: this is the key of manual memory management.

Slices can be allocated using a placement constructor (for other allocators) or using a default allocator 
(which is a fixed-size stack allocator unless collection turned on).
- Slices are reference counted at run-time
- ansatz: Since strict rules on encapsulation apply, cycles cannot arise
  - consider buffer of buffers
  - consider two buffers of buffers where the first [buffer] element of each b^2 is copied identically
    - 2 references, 0 cycles
    - what about references of other buffers?
```
mod heap {
    hi = fn () -> Void {
        var slice = alloc[Int32]::slice();
        discard append(inout slice, 0);
        discard append(inout slice, 1);
        discard append(inout slice, 2);
    };
};
```