`pandemonium-index.json`

```json
{
  "tasks": {
    "build-client": {
      "type": "BUILD_WASM_APP",
      "input": {
        "source": "./client.pd-pkg",
        "module": "client::main1"
      },
      "output": "./static/client.wasm"
    },
    "build-server": {
      "type": "BUILD_NATIVE_CONSOLE_APP",
      "input": {
        "source": "./server.pd-pkg",
        "module": "server::main1"
      },
      "output": "./server",
      "after": [
        "build-client"
      ]
    },
    "run-server": {
      "type": "EXECUTE_CMD",
      "exec": "./server localhost 8000"
    }
  },
  "after": [
    "build-client",
    "build-server"
  ],
  "exports": {
    "share": {
      "type": "LOAD_PD_MODULE",
      "source": "./share.pd-pkg"
    },
    "client_wasm": {
      "type": "READ_GENERIC_BINARY_FILE",
      "source": "./static/client.wasm"
    },
    "client": {
      "type": "LOAD_PD_MODULE",
      "source": "./client.pd-pkg"
    },
    "server": {
      "type": "LOAD_PD_MODULE",
      "source": "./server.pd-pkg"
    }
  }
}
```

The above index file...
- allows the user to name tasks that can be executed using the console app
- executes certain tasks in a specified order UPTO ONCE, BEFORE generating exports
- map files' contents into symbols
  - files are the key! any application can be executed to write to files.
    Then, these files can be read by the compiler.
  - if (when) performance becomes an issue, a VFS/cache may be used.

## A note on architecture

Crucially, note that the compiler may invoke itself in a task.

Rather than deal with the complexities of file cycles, we can rely on runtime errors when errors occur.
These runtime errors only occur at compile-time, so all ok!

We can obtain a robust and efficient build system by:
1. first building a network of tasks to execute
1. cleaning all task output files before any task begins execution
1. executing tasks and 'setting' constants (while preserving type).
   - PD_MODULEs are just linked in the scoper
   - reading files may depend on other compilation occurring
     - while this is true, must mark a package as **unusable**
     - easiest way: check if referenced and flag because black-listed.
     - **TODO:** determine how this package blacklist policy works and evolves as tasks are completed. 
1. verifying that pre-requisite files still exist
   - the source/input of a task is a pre-requisite file.
   - the output of each task in the "after" field is a pre-requisite file. (2nd order)
   - the source of each `ExportOrder` is a pre-requisite file.


(repeated, because it's so important)

**TODO:** determine how this package blacklist policy works and evolves as tasks are completed.
