# JSON Schema - Core

The compiler is ready for its first proper emitter (not one that just writes single source files).

Decisions must be made on how to structure input and output files efficiently.

## Problems to solve
1. Manage binary ELUs (executable and linkable units, cf ELF) for different platforms statically
   - adding language statements considerably increase bloat, make supporting new FFIs difficult
   - instead, need a way to specify a transform from C to PDM code
2. Encapsulate projects in a directory tree structure that works well with git submodules and is very flexible
3. Make dependency management and installation _easier_.

## Hint from Giants

1. `npm`: the NodeJS package manager
2. `cargo`: the Rust package manager
3. `plywood`: a CMake-based, modular C/C++ package manager
4. `webpack`: compiles different asset types for web

For distribution, consider:
5. Apple's `.app` system.
6. Node Webkit's `.zip` system.

Takeaways:
- Use a JSON file to index a directory subtree as an in-language entity (NPM, Cargo).
- Use `import` to access either a `.pd-node` file or a `.pd-pkg-node` directory
  - if the `pd-pkg-node` is at a git repository, the compiler will clone it.
  - such git repositories must contain such a JSON index file.
- Packages must be prohibited from accessing contents of another package.
  - sub-packages must be imported just like individual files from JSON or PD.
  - overreach is discouraged.
- NodeJS' `node_modules` system is awesome: it allows installations locally or globally,
  but defaults to a local installation.
  - use a `pd-cache/` directory to accomplish the same goal.
  - even if local installations result in inefficient duplications of source libraries, the compiler should squeeze it all out.
    Global installations address this issue in exchange for reduced encapsulation.
  - the user is not accountable for the contents of the cache, so this may change over time.

## Solution

Each package contains a file named `pd-pkg-index.json`

Created a JSON schema to help link binaries and sources:
- **exports:** key-value pairs of symbol-names to modules (defined below)
- **modules:** key-value pairs of module-names to information
  - **kind:** describes what fields to expect in the `"using"` property of this object
  - **about:** contains arbitrary properties unchecked against any schema.
    - put anything you want here
    - displayed to the user
    - fuzzy database of things organized by partial tags deemed most relevant
  - **using:** (iff `kind = wrapped-cabi-elu`) key-value pairs that decompose building and linking.
    - using keys decide precisely which platforms support certain features.
    - the special key `*` maps to all platforms.
    - E.g., `win32-x32` is unsupported below for this package, so this would generate an error.
  - **path:** (iff `kind = pd-node`) embeds a PD-script as a module field
    - cf JS: consider adding `import { * as id from "./path.pd-node" };` in addition to existing:
    - `import { id from "./path.pd-node" };` or
    - `import { * from "./path.pd-node" };` or

Such a `pd-pkg-index.json` is found inside a `.pd-pkg-node` directory. 

This allows these directories to be imported as modules.


A few finer points:
- JSON files are imported and compiled like regular source files.
- The keys of 'using' should not be wildcard patterns; i.e. `*` is a keyword, not a pattern. 
  - `*` is a universal base package, and each tag is a discrete specialization.
  - Can add `"extends"` property to derive an older instance, or "fallback-for" to apply a rule when another rule is requested.
  - Using a discrete set makes diagnosing and reporting unsupported platforms straightforward.
- Symbols are renamed to comply with PD-naming rules automatically.
  - wrapped modules may accept special renaming actions
- What is a compiler?
  - any program can be used to transform data into a statically loaded form at compile-time
  - such programs just need to use the compiler's library to generate AST nodes and provide feedback.

## Example

`pd-pkg-index.json`

```json
{
  "exports": {
    "sdl2": "sdl2",
    "sdl2_helpers": "sdl2-helpers",
    "sdl2_extra": "sdl2-extra"
  },
  "modules": {
    "sdl2": {
      "kind": "wrapped-cabi-elu",
      "about": {
        "version": "0.0.0",
        "author": "Nikhil Tony Idiculla",
        "wrapped-info": {
          "name": "SDL2",
          "version": "2.1.0",
          "language": "C-99",
          "author": "Sam Latinga"
        }
      },
      "using": {
        "*": {
          "include": [
            "./dep/include/"
          ],
          "defines": {
            "SDL_BUILD_STATIC": "(1)"
          }
        },
        "win32-x64": {
          "static-libs": [
            "./dep/win32/lib/SDL2/SDL2main.lib",
            "./dep/win32/lib/SDL2/SDL2.lib"
          ],
          "copy-to-output-dir": [
            {
              "from": "./dep/win32/bin/SDL2.dll",
              "to": "./SDL2.dll"
            }
          ]
        },
        "linux-x64": {
          "static-libs": [
            "./dep/linux-x86/lib/SDL2/SDL2main.a",
            "./dep/linux-x86/lib/SDL2/SDL2.a"
          ],
        },
        "macos-x64": {
          "static-libs": [
            "./dep/macos-x86/lib/SDL2/SDL2main.a",
            "./dep/macos-x86/lib/SDL2/SDL2.a"
          ],
          "copy-to-output-dir": [
            {
              "from": "./dep/win32/bin/SDL2.so",
              "to": "./SDL2.so"
            }
          ]
        },
        "chromium": {}
      }
    },
    "sdl2-helpers": {
      "kind": "pd-node",
      "about": {},
      "path": "./sdl2-helpers.pd-node"
    },
    "sdl2-extra": {
      "kind": "pd-pkg-node",
      "about": {},
      "path": "./sdl2-extra.pd-pkg-node"
    }
  }
}
```